Send to otlp (#282)
grafana/docker-otel-lgtm: README.md

This has nothing to do with the application logs, which are collected by OpenTelemetry.

### Send data to vendors

In addition to the built-in observability tools, you can also send data to vendors.
That way, you can easily try and switch between different backends.

If the [OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/otlp-exporter/#otel_exporter_otlp_endpoint)
variable is set, the OpenTelemetry Collector will send data (logs, metrics, and traces) to the specified endpoint using "OTLP/HTTP".

In addition, you can provide
[OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_HEADERS](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/otlp-exporter/#otel_exporter_otlp_headers),

> e.g. to authenticate with the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example, to authenticate with the backend.
```

#### Send data to Grafana Cloud

> The values for the environment variables can be found in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the values for the environment variables in your
```
